README.md, before:

# Overview
Welcome! :)

This repository consists of programming-related assignments and coursework during my studies at Constructor University. Obviously, I do not endorse copying answers or take responsibility for students who hinder their own learning by doing so. This is meant to be a tool to help learn and/or review.

## src-c and src-cpp

These folders consist of my solutions to a series of problems I used to become familiar with the C and C++ programming languages. These problems were handed to me on a weekly basis for 14 weeks, hence the division by "Weeks". Weeks 1-8 cover the C language, while weeks 9-14 cover C++. Within each programming language, the exercies and their solutions get more complex as the weeks go on. However, all the concepts demonstrated remain into the "beginner" levels of C and C++ programming.

## src-ads

Optional homework for my second-semester class "Algorithms and Data Structures". 

## src-os

Mandatory homework assignments for the "Operating Systems" class. They deal mostly with low-level C programming. Topics covered include environment variables, reading terminal input, POSIX synchronization, memory mapping, client-server programming, and event loop programming. I particularly enjoyed solving these problems.

# Future Plans
I am now much more experienced and familiar with coding than when I first solved these exercises. While uploading and organizing my code in this repository, I had the opportunity to look back at my code. I was able to find numerous things I would like to change.

None of these changes would alter the core functionality of my solution programs. Instead, most of them have to do mostly with having cleaner code. I intend to set aside the time one day to clean up my code and add better comments and descriptions to make this repository a better learning & review tool for myself and others.

In order to improve the usability of this repo as a study/review tool, I intend to add more detailed explanations of the problems and their solutions.

Commit message:

Updated READMe for src-se_project

README.md, after:

# Overview
Welcome! :)

This repository consists of programming-related assignments and coursework during my studies at Constructor University. Obviously, I *DO NOT* endorse copying answers or take responsibility for students who hinder their own learning by doing so. This is meant to be a tool to help learn and/or review.

## src-c and src-cpp

These folders consist of my solutions to a series of problems I used to become familiar with the C and C++ programming languages. These problems were handed to me on a weekly basis for 14 weeks, hence the division by "Weeks". Weeks 1-8 cover the C language, while weeks 9-14 cover C++. Within each programming language, the exercies and their solutions get more complex as the weeks go on. However, all the concepts demonstrated remain into the "beginner" levels of C and C++ programming.

## src-ads

Optional homework for my second-semester class "Algorithms and Data Structures". 

## src-os

Mandatory homework assignments for the "Operating Systems" class. They deal mostly with low-level C programming. Topics covered include environment variables, reading terminal input, POSIX synchronization, memory mapping, client-server programming, and event loop programming. I particularly enjoyed solving these problems.

## src-se_project

Source code for my fourth semester class "Software Engineering" project. We were tasked with writing a python library that implements a Datacube object and processes Rasdaman queries. The three sprints are separated into their own folders and each have their own README files, since I worked with a different partner on each. Sprint 2 is by far the most feature-complete and robust implementation.

# Future Plans
I am now much more experienced and familiar with coding than when I first solved these exercises. While uploading and organizing my code in this repository, I had the opportunity to look back at my code. I was able to find numerous things I would like to change.

None of these changes would alter the core functionality of my solution programs. Instead, most of them have to do mostly with having cleaner code. I intend to set aside the time one day to clean up my code and add better comments and descriptions to make this repository a better learning & review tool for myself and others.

In order to improve the usability of this repo as a study/review tool, I intend to add more detailed explanations of the problems and their solutions.
